Week 1:
Me and Lorenzo worked on familiarizing ourselves with QT GUI that we will use to develop the frontend of the project. We worked on understanding 
the class QPushButton that will be used for making the initial start button, as well as buttons that add plants, predators and prey to the 
environment. We implemented a simple, large start button that, when clicked, dissapears and makes 3 buttons (for adding predators, prey and plants)
appear on the window, as well as counters that appear next to them (To allow user to decide number of predators, prey or plants to add). We added a
background by adding an image to a widget dedicated to being a background. Next week, I will be focusing on layering the widgets, such that the
background appears behind all other widgets, as well as connecting counter to  buttons.

Week 2:
We worked on redesigning the layout of the start screen, by separating them into 3 parts: One for adding the creatures (you can choose how many),
one part representing all the creatures you have already added, and one part for altering the charecteristics of each creature. We managed to link
the counter to each button, as well as making use of a QListWidget to add number of creatures that was on the counter (2nd part of the screen).
This week, we will focus on background, by trying to make the screen visually pleasing, as well as incorporating the sliders for the
characteristics of the creatures into the 3rd part of screen, working alongside Mathilde.

Week 3: 
This week, I worked on merging the sliders that mathilde created to the mainwindow. I also worked on connecting the sliders to the spinboxes. 
In addition, i worked on making sure that the buttons scaled with the window when the window was resized. I implemented this scaling for one of 
the buttons, and next week I will work on implementing the scaling for all the other buttons, sliders and couters.

Week 4: 
This week, I managed to implement the scaling for most of the buttons, except the initial start button. Since this button was placed behind the
list when the mainwindow was created, there were problems with the scaling of the start button. I met with the group leader vincenzo, and we
discussed the possibility of adding a toolbar to the simulation window, that allows us to add a creature or plant while the simulation was 
running. 

Week 5 (Holidays):
Over the holidays, I worked on fixing the scaling of the buttons, and the scaling of the start button was interfering with the scaling of all 
other buttons, so I decided to redo the scaling from scratch. After fixing all scaling issues, I still had a problem where the start button was not centered. I then merged my branch with the main frontend branch, and there were many conflicts, which I had to resolve manually. Next week, I will make sure the start button is centered and fix some bugs we have. 

Week 6: 
This week, I fixed the issue of the start button being not centered. I then worked on fixing the bug we had with the ordering of our list of 
creatures. The bug was that the creatures were not ordered numerically, but lexigraphically. I solved this by defining a new list with the order 
function redefined to order numerically. In addition, I worked on adding backgrounds and making sure the backgrounds stretched properly when 
the window was resized. Next week, I will work on the toolbar for simulation view that I discussed with vincenzo. 

Week 7: 
I made some small ui changes to make sure that the sizes of buttons were correct. I then added buttons for adding omnivore, herbivores and plants
to the simulationview window, and worked on connecting these buttons to open windows that allow you to adjust parameters for the creature / plant
you want to add. For all three of these windows, I worked on actually connecting the "add omnivore", "add herbivore" and "add plant" button 
to adding a omnivore, herbivore and plant to the environment respectively. By next week, I will finish defining the functions that add the creature / plant directly to the environment. 

