Week 2:
	This week I implemented a prototype for the Window that will visualise our evolution sim with some placeholder classes. While experimenting with the different objects in QTgraphics, I had an idea for an inheritance structure for our classes and pitched it to the team.
	Next week I plan to further polish and improve the game visualiser window and maybe work on updating our existing classes so that they fit with the respective window.

Week 3:
	This week I started work on making the visualiser window responsive, so that it will have a visually pleasing layout in the end. I ran into some issues with git conflicts with vincenzo's work, but I think we figured it out.
	Next week I plan to finally get rid of placeholder classes and integrate the frontend with the rest of the project. On top of that, I plan to visually improve the window further.

Week 4:
	This week I some little improvements on the visuals of my window, but I managed to finally merge the frontend git branch into the main one, and resolve all the emerging conflicts. I didn't get rid of the placeholder classes yet, but all the integration is accounted for - all that remains is to delete the files.
	Next week I plan to add some sliders to control the speed of the animation at the very least. I'll see if I can help in other areas of the team, or I'll see if there is some other interesting functionalities to add on top of already made stuff.

Week 5:
	This week I successfully implemented the animation speed slider controller thingie. I additionally cleaned up code and reorganised things and helped people a bit during the lecture.
	Next week(s?) I plan on seeing if I can visualise other aspects of our creatures in an interesting way.

Weeks 6,7,8:
	These past weeks I implemented a window which appears when double clicking a creature and shows different stats. It uses custom labels which are constructed with a getter function. They are also connected with a signal to the environment so that they are updated in real time.
	I have started to experiment with qt signals and passing functions as parameters in functions in order to achieve this.
	Next week I plan to implement some sliders to control how parameters influence eachoder for beings in the environment.s

Week 9:
	This week I did not get to implement set sliders, but I helped Mathilde on implementing the functionality for the start screen - designing a custom slider which sets a creature's certain property, a class extending qlistwidgeitem to hold a being inside a qlist and tieing it all together.
	There is still some stuff to do regarding that, so next week I plan on finishing and going around the team seeing where help is needed.