Week 1:
The team was formed this week 

Week 2:
This week I researched the different elements necessary for building a C++ GUI and I implemented menu with a toolbar and some buttons for simple tasks such as closing a window or displaying a message to get familiar with these elements.
Next week I plan to start working on the GUI of the project.   

Week 3:
This week I implemented some preliminary designs for plants and predators. Next week I plan on further working on these designs, as well as one for preys. 

Week 4:
This week I fixed some bugs with the designs of the creatures and then integrated them in the classes Plant and Creature. I also wrote a possible way of randomizing the creatures spawned on the grid.
Next week I hope to work on displaying different actions of the creatures.

Week 5:
This week I studied the QPixmap so that I will be able to replace the current designs for living beings I drew previously with better designs displayed as images.
Next week I plan on creating these designs in some other way that I am yet to figure out and the implement them in the simulation.

Week 6:
This week I edited some pictures make their background transparent anmd changed their colour to keep visual clarity between preys and predators and then I replaced the old designs with these photos. I also modified the bounding rectangles of the living beings to better fit these new designs so they will move properly during the animation (not leave trails). Next week I will probably work with the rest of the team on combining all the different parts of the project.

Week 7:
This week I added 2 more models for both preys and predators and edited them to add transparent backgrounds and edit some colors to improve visual clarity. I also added an attribute to randomize which model is displayed for testing purposes. Next week I will do whatever is necessary to finalize the project. 

Week 8:
This week I used a QGraphicsColorizeEffect to make creatures have specific colors depending on their families and implemented it the "current_simple_version" branch.

Credit for the edited images:
-wolf:https://pixabay.com/illustrations/wolf-wolves-dog-lupine-canine-1247882/
-lion:https://www.pinclipart.com/pindetail/iTbmwxw_lion-black-clipart-shadow-of-a-lion-png/
-deer:https://pngtree.com/free-png-vectors/deer-silhouette
-gazelle:https://www.cleanpng.com/free/gazelle.html
